README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">BG-scores</h1>

[View the live project here.]()

add description of the website

<img src="" alt="BG-scores gif"/>

<br/>
<br/>
<br/>

## User Experience (UX)
<hr>

### User stories

- As a user, I want to be able to create an account.
- As a user, I want to be able to log in and out of my account.
- As a user, I want to be able to record the games that I played, by
    - Adding a board game from a list of pre-added board games.
    - Seeing a list of all my board games
    - Editing a name of a board game
    - Deleting a board game
- As a user, I want to be able to manage the board games in my account, by:
    - Adding a board game
    - Seeing a list of all my board games
    - Editing a name of a board game
- As a user, I want to be able to manage the players in my account, by:
    - Adding a player
    - Seeing a list of all the players
    - Editing a player's name

### Design

  - #### Colour Scheme
    - XXX

  - #### Typography
    - XXX
     
  - #### Favicon
    -

  - #### Animations
    - 

### Wireframes

- Wireframes for this project are available [here](wireframe/bg-score.png).

<br>
<br>

## Features
<hr>

### As a user, I want to be able to create an account.

<br>


### As a user, I want to be able to log in and out of my account.

<br>

### As a user, I want to be able to log in and out of my account.

<br>

### As a user, I want to be able to record the games that I played, by:
#### 1. Adding a board game from a list of pre-added board games
#### 2. Seeing a list of all my board games
#### 3. Editing a name of a board game
#### 4. Deleting a board game

<br>

### As a user, I want to be able to manage the board games in my account, by:
#### 1. Adding a board game
#### 2. Seeing a list of all my board games
#### 3.  Editing a name of a board game
explain why there's no delete

<br>

### As a user, I want to be able to manage the players in my account, by:
#### 1. Adding a player
#### 2. Seeing a list of all the players
#### 3. Editing a player's name
<br>

### Accessibility
Ensure accessibility throughout the website by:
  - Adding 'alt' text on all images.
  - Font awesome icons are in an `<i>` tag. A span with a class "sr-only" is added which describes the icons. The "sr-only" class has a display:none in the stylesheet, which hides the text on screen, but allows for screenreader to be read.

<br/>

## Technologies Used
<hr>

The following technologies have been used in this project:
* [Python 3.8.2](https://www.python.org/download/releases/3.0/) 
    * Python is supposed to be the main hero of this project.
* [Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/)
    * web framework written in Python.
* [Jinja](https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/2.11.x/)
    * is used as templating language for Python and its depending framework Flask
* [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/)
    * It is a document-oriented database program.
* [Heroku](https://heroku.com/)
    * It is a cloud platform to run this python project.
* [HTML](https://www.w3.org/TR/html52/) 
    * used to structure and presenting the content.
* [CSS](https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html)
    * used for styling.
* [JQuery](https://jquery.com/)
    * this project used JavaScript in the form of JQuery to simplify DOM manipulation.
* [Materialize 1.0.0](https://materializecss.com/)
    * CSS framework used for structuring and presenting the content.
* [FontAwesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
    * used to create icons. <br/><br/>

## Database architecture
<hr>


## Testing
<hr>



The W3C Markup Validator and W3C CSS Validator Services were used to validate every page of the project to ensure there were no syntax errors in the project.

[W3C Markup Validator](https://validator.w3.org/#validate_by_input)

  



### Manual testing were also performed to ensure that the application works as intended. During this, the following errors were found and were rectified:

1. xxx
2. xxx
3. xxx

## Deployment
<hr>

<br>
<br>
<br>

## Credits
<hr>

### Code


### Content

- All content was written by the developer.

### Media


### Acknowledgements

- My mentor, Narender Singh, for continuous helpful feedback.

Commit message:

Add animation during logo hover.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">BG-scores</h1>

[View the live project here.]()

add description of the website

<img src="" alt="BG-scores gif"/>

<br/>
<br/>
<br/>

## User Experience (UX)
<hr>

### User stories

- As a user, I want to be able to create an account.
- As a user, I want to be able to log in and out of my account.
- As a user, I want to be able to record the games that I played, by
    - Adding a board game from a list of pre-added board games.
    - Seeing a list of all my board games
    - Editing a name of a board game
    - Deleting a board game
- As a user, I want to be able to manage the board games in my account, by:
    - Adding a board game
    - Seeing a list of all my board games
    - Editing a name of a board game
- As a user, I want to be able to manage the players in my account, by:
    - Adding a player
    - Seeing a list of all the players
    - Editing a player's name

### Design

  - #### Colour Scheme
    - XXX

  - #### Typography
    - XXX
     
  - #### Favicon
    -

  - #### Animations
    - logo-bounce-animation: When there is a hover on the logo, logo-bounce-animation is applied to let the user know that the logo is a clickable link. The logo-bounce-animation adds some fun to the website.

### Wireframes

- Wireframes for this project are available [here](wireframe/bg-score.png).

<br>
<br>

## Features
<hr>

### As a user, I want to be able to create an account.

<br>


### As a user, I want to be able to log in and out of my account.

<br>

### As a user, I want to be able to log in and out of my account.

<br>

### As a user, I want to be able to record the games that I played, by:
#### 1. Adding a board game from a list of pre-added board games
#### 2. Seeing a list of all my board games
#### 3. Editing a name of a board game
#### 4. Deleting a board game

<br>

### As a user, I want to be able to manage the board games in my account, by:
#### 1. Adding a board game
#### 2. Seeing a list of all my board games
#### 3.  Editing a name of a board game
explain why there's no delete

<br>

### As a user, I want to be able to manage the players in my account, by:
#### 1. Adding a player
#### 2. Seeing a list of all the players
#### 3. Editing a player's name
<br>

### Accessibility
Ensure accessibility throughout the website by:
  - Adding 'alt' text on all images.
  - Font awesome icons are in an `<i>` tag. A span with a class "sr-only" is added which describes the icons. The "sr-only" class has a display:none in the stylesheet, which hides the text on screen, but allows for screenreader to be read.

<br/>

## Technologies Used
<hr>

The following technologies have been used in this project:
* [Python 3.8.2](https://www.python.org/download/releases/3.0/) 
    * Python is supposed to be the main hero of this project.
* [Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/)
    * web framework written in Python.
* [Jinja](https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/2.11.x/)
    * is used as templating language for Python and its depending framework Flask
* [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/)
    * It is a document-oriented database program.
* [Heroku](https://heroku.com/)
    * It is a cloud platform to run this python project.
* [HTML](https://www.w3.org/TR/html52/) 
    * used to structure and presenting the content.
* [CSS](https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Overview.en.html)
    * used for styling.
* [JQuery](https://jquery.com/)
    * this project used JavaScript in the form of JQuery to simplify DOM manipulation.
* [Materialize 1.0.0](https://materializecss.com/)
    * CSS framework used for structuring and presenting the content.
* [FontAwesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
    * used to create icons. <br/><br/>

## Database architecture
<hr>


## Testing
<hr>



The W3C Markup Validator and W3C CSS Validator Services were used to validate every page of the project to ensure there were no syntax errors in the project.

[W3C Markup Validator](https://validator.w3.org/#validate_by_input)

  



### Manual testing were also performed to ensure that the application works as intended. During this, the following errors were found and were rectified:

1. xxx
2. xxx
3. xxx

## Deployment
<hr>

<br>
<br>
<br>

## Credits
<hr>

### Code


### Content

- All content was written by the developer.

### Media


### Acknowledgements

- My mentor, Narender Singh, for continuous helpful feedback.
